Update certificate-issue-client-csr.md (#52014)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/tls/certificate-issue-client-csr.md

authenticate and invoke an API. First, this user must have an [X.509](https://www.itu.int/rec/T-REC-X.509) certificate
issued by an authority that your Kubernetes cluster trusts. The client must then present that certificate to the Kubernetes API.

> You use a [CertificateSigningRequest](/docs/concepts/security/certificate-signing-requests/)

Reviewer: The proposed link also looks broken. Refer the new suggested  link below. 

_You can verify in the PR[ preview page (here)](https://deploy-preview-52014--kubernetes-io-main-staging.netlify.app/docs/tasks/tls/certificate-issue-client-csr/) if it works or not._
```suggestion
You use a [CertificateSigningRequest](/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/certificate-signing-requests/)
```
